_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Revise about page with new subtitle and biography
Updated subtitle and biography details, including links to affiliations and research interests.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://skliotsc.um.edu.mo/'>IOTSC, University of Macau</a>. Macau / Beijing..

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>tianyi.yan123@gmail.com</p>


selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a Ph.D. student at the [State Key Laboratory of Internet of Things for Smart City (SKL-IOTSC), University of Macau](https://skliotsc.um.edu.mo/), advised by [Prof. Jianbing Shen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=_Q3NTToAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate) and [Prof. Chengzhong Xu](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=XsBBTUgAAAAJ&hl=zh-CN).
Previously, I obtained my Master's degree from the Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CASIA), working with [Prof. Jinqiao Wang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7_BkyxEAAAAJ&hl=zh-CN) and [Prof. Ming Tang](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=woezF_MAAAAJ&hl=zh-CN), and my B.Eng. degree from BUPT, working with [Prof. Chuan Shi](http://www.shichuan.org/). I have also gained industrial experience at Li Auto and will soon join Xiaomi EV as a research intern.

My research lies at the intersection of Generative World Models, End-to-End Autonomous Driving, and Embodied AI. Currently, my primary focus is on enabling agents to achieve infinite driving and self-play within physically reliable, imaginative world models.
